very rarely is there the perfect
man and the perfect job and we
see it in actors and we see it
and we certain certain
politicians and stuff here was a
man who was born to play that
role as president the united
states and was an inspirational
leader when the nation really
needed it
at that point in time Ronald
Reagan was sort of the FDR the
the conservative FDR he started
this saturday morning radio
program to then use that voice
to reassure people whenever he
needed the ground swell of
support Congress to get a bill
passed he would go to the people
and talk from The Oval Office
and say I need you to call your
congressmen and Senators and
tell him you support my project
here with it this is for us and
it's and you know it's important
and and people believed him you
know and they and they loved him
he would be assassination
affected him in a rather
profound way I think he became
really aware of his
vulnerability and his very
narrow thread of that hold you
to life and he felt according to
my readings that he survived for
a reason and the reason was to
broker a peace deal with the
Russians to to make the world a
safer place and that was his
purpose and that's I think what
he devoted himself to i find it
very heroic that he found a
greater purpose in his life in
that critical moment where he
thought maybe he would die and
certainly lot of people thought
he was gonna die
it gave him a that a stronger
purpose to come back and
refocus his his presidency and
his life